content/_projects/project1.md, before:

---
title: Research Project 1
subtitle: This is my first project
description: This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project.
order: 2
active: true
card_image: "assets/images/chemical-reaction-science-chemistry.jpg"
card_title: null # used if card_image is null; defaults to title
categories: 
    - Project Leader
    - Bioinformatics
---

<h4>Overview</h4>

This is complete description of my first project.

Keep adding markdown here. See pages/home.md for hints.

This is an example of a PubMed citation {% include citation.html search="wilson te michigan" %}.

{% include figure.html  
    image="assets/images/chemical-reaction-science-chemistry.jpg"
    title="This is the 'title' provided to figure.html."
    caption="This is the text in the 'caption' provided to figure.html."
%}

Commit message:

Add standard assessment and learning goal under resources and projects

content/_projects/project1.md, after:

---
title: Learning Goals 
subtitle: What we are trying to teach students
description: This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project. This is slightly longer description of my first project.
order: 2
active: true
card_image: "assets/images/chemical-reaction-science-chemistry.jpg"
card_title: null # used if card_image is null; defaults to title
categories: 
    - Project Leader
    - Bioinformatics
---

<h3>Overview</h3>



Working closely with our instructors, we have documented the learning goals for  every required course in our undergraduate major. While they are certainly not appropriate for courses taught at every institution, we share them here as they can be a good starting point for other instructors looking to document the goals of their courses.

[Introduction to Microeconomics](https://www.dropbox.com/s/6c2sno8vuui19mp/Introductory-Microeconomics-Learning-Goals-2019-08-17-Distributed.pdf?dl=0)

[Introduction to Macroeconomics](https://www.dropbox.com/s/x14qvd4wefsl819/PESA-Macro%20Learning%20Goals.pdf?dl=0)

Intermediate Microeconomic Theory
Intermediate Macroeconomic Theory
Introduction to Economic Statistics
Applied Econometrics
Introduction to Probability and Statistics (Math-Intensive)
Theory-based Econometrics

When we document learning goals (LGs) for a course, we are being explicit about what we want students to know and be able to do by the end of the term. These goals are written for three distinct audiences:

    Course instructors:  The LGs will form the basis of the lectures we design and the exams we give.
     Instructors who teach more advanced courses: The LGs explain what incoming students know (or should know) when they walk in the door.
    Students in the class: The LGs provide a clear exposition of what they will learn from the course.

The devil is in the details with learning goals—There’s a big difference between a topic you might see on a syllabus like "Instrumental Variables" and the following learning goal that describes a particular set of skills students should acquire:

    Judge situations where Instrumental Variables (IV) can and cannot be applied to obtain an unbiased coefficient estimate.

    Explain why IV estimation (using two stage least squares) yields unbiased estimates.
    Evaluate whether the instrumental variable is correlated with the endogenous variable and assess its strength.
    Evaluate whether the instrumental variable is correlated with the error term.

The topic is often meaningless to incoming students while the learning goals are much easier to turn into a lecture or assess in an exam.
